Feature simplify configurations (#581)
RI-SE/ATOS: docs/Installation/installation.md

```bash
docker compose up
```
or if you are not in the docker group:
```bash
sudo -E docker compose up
```

If you run Docker Engine you can start ATOS using the computers own network stack with
```bash
docker run --network="host"  --ipc=host --privileged -it -v ~/.astazero/ATOS/:/root/.astazero/ATOS/ astazero/atos_docker_env:latest bash -c "source /root/atos_ws/install/setup.sh ; ros2 launch atos launch_basic.py"
```
If you run Docker Desktop, special care must be taken to allow the container running in the Docker Desktop VM to communicate with clients running on the host network. If uncertain about this we suggest installing Docker Engine instead. 

Note: If no preexisting .astazero/ATOS folder is found, the docker image will create one. This folder will have root user permissions due to the way the docker image is built. For ease of use, change owner to your own user, run the following command on the host machine:
```bash 
sudo chown -R $USER:$USER ~/.astazero/ATOS/
```

## <a name="Installation script"></a> Using the installation script

> ATOS comes with an installation script that automates the installation process. It is intended for use on Ubuntu 20.04 or 22.04, and has been tested on a fresh install of Ubuntu 20.04. The script will install ROS2, ATOS dependencies, and ATOS itself. It will also create a workspace and build ATOS. The script can be executed using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ATOS comes with an installation script that automates the installation process. It is intended for use on Ubuntu 20.04 or 22.04, and has been tested on a fresh install of Ubuntu 20.04. The script will install ROS 2, ATOS dependencies, and ATOS itself. It will also create a workspace and build ATOS. The script can be executed using the following command:
```

```bash
ros2 launch atos launch_basic.py
```

> When running ATOS for the first time and the no preexisting .astazero/ATOS folder is found, ATOS will create some barebone configuration files which you can read more about in the configuration section [here](../Usage/How-to/configuration.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running ATOS for the first time and the no pre-existing .astazero/ATOS folder is found, ATOS will create some barebone configuration files which you can read more about in the configuration section [here](../Usage/How-to/configuration.md).
```
